Because 10,000 poisonous insects devour the fetus
Coordinate with professional methods
Pick another place to gather sound
There is a natural probability of completion
Blood fetal bone replacement
What!
If it fails
I will be confronted
But as long as it succeeds
You can transcend the three worlds and become the strongest blood bone
At that time, the invincible Su Yizawa will die
Qianqian
I don't want to use this vicious ancient book either
But I'm cornered now
Just take risks
Qianqian
Would you like to help me?
Brother Chen, this is also our child.
I have an ominous premonition
What's going on? I don't know.
So did I.
There has been no news for 7 days that morning
I'm also a little uneasy